Release notes for Firefox 137 for WebDriver conformance changes. (#38818)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/137/index.md

#### General

> - Mouse and touch pointer actions in Marionette and WebDriver BiDi support now fractional numbers for x and y positions ([Firefox bug 1946774](https://bugzil.la/1946774)).

Reviewer: I would slightly re-phrase because it only affects the `pointerMove` action.

```suggestion
- Input sources of type `mouse` and `touch` now support fractional numbers for x and y positions for the `pointerMove` action ([Firefox bug 1946774](https://bugzil.la/1946774)).
```

#### WebDriver BiDi

> - Implemented new `webExtenstion.install` ([Firefox bug 1934551](https://bugzil.la/1934551)) and `webExtenstion.uninstall` ([Firefox bug 1934551](https://bugzil.la/1934553)) commands, enabling clients to install and uninstall web extensions in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented new `webExtension.install` ([Firefox bug 1934551](https://bugzil.la/1934551)) and `webExtension.uninstall` ([Firefox bug 1934553](https://bugzil.la/1934553)) commands, enabling clients to install and uninstall web extensions in the browser.
```

- Added support for `userContexts` argument to `sessions.subscribe` command, which allows clients subscribing to a list of user contexts (also known as Firefox containers)
  ([Firefox bug 1938604](https://bugzil.la/1938604)).
- `script.addPreloadScript` command is updated to throw "InvalidArgument" error when both "contexts" and "userContexts" arguments are provided ([Firefox bug 1945554](https://bugzil.la/1945554)).
- `browsingContext.navigate` command will not return anymore when `wait` arguments equals `none` and beforeunload prompt opens. That's the first step of updating the logic behind `wait` arguments equals `none` ([Firefox bug 1948700](https://bugzil.la/1948700)).

#### Marionette

- From now on, `JavaScriptError` raised by script evaluation will contain line and column number if available ([Firefox bug 1865146](https://bugzil.la/1865146)).

> - Performing actions with async events enabled will not fail anymore with `JavascriptException: Cyclic object value` ([Firefox bug 1947112](https://bugzil.la/1947112)).

Reviewer: I wonder if we have to call out `async events enabled` or not. It's the default and users might not know about it at all. WDYT?

Reviewer: Maybe we could add some more information like since which version of Firefox that new way of processing actions was landed, and have a link to the MDN release notes page that has details of the feature?

Author: Sure, added

#### General

- Input sources of type `mouse` and `touch` now support fractional numbers for x and y positions for the `pointerMove` action ([Firefox bug 1946774](https://bugzil.la/1946774)).

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Implemented new `webExtension.install` ([Firefox bug 1934551](https://bugzil.la/1934551)) and `webExtension.uninstall` ([Firefox bug 1934553](https://bugzil.la/1934553)) commands, enabling clients to install and uninstall web extensions in the browser.
- Added support for `userContexts` argument to `sessions.subscribe` command, which allows clients subscribing to a list of user contexts (also known as Firefox containers)
  ([Firefox bug 1938604](https://bugzil.la/1938604)).

> - `script.addPreloadScript` command is updated to throw "InvalidArgument" error when both "contexts" and "userContexts" arguments are provided ([Firefox bug 1945554](https://bugzil.la/1945554)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `script.addPreloadScript` command is updated to throw an `invalid argument` error when both `contexts` and `userContexts` arguments are provided ([Firefox bug 1945554](https://bugzil.la/1945554)).
```

> - `browsingContext.navigate` command will not return anymore when `wait` arguments equals `none` and beforeunload prompt opens. That's the first step of updating the logic behind `wait` arguments equals `none` ([Firefox bug 1948700](https://bugzil.la/1948700)).

Reviewer: `will not return anymore` sounds a bit misleading. I assume it misses `immediately`?

Author: yeah, I guess adding `immediately` should make it clearer. Updated ✅

#### Marionette

> - From now on, `JavaScriptError` raised by script evaluation will contain line and column number if available ([Firefox bug 1865146](https://bugzil.la/1865146)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From now on, a `javascript error` raised by script evaluation will contain line and column number if available ([Firefox bug 1865146](https://bugzil.la/1865146)).
```

> - Performing actions with async events enabled will not fail anymore with `JavascriptException: Cyclic object value` ([Firefox bug 1947112](https://bugzil.la/1947112)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performing actions with async events enabled will not fail anymore with a `Cyclic object value` error message ([Firefox bug 1947112](https://bugzil.la/1947112)).
```
